Scene0
6
Why are you doing this? It’s not like you’ll gain magic from us by locking us up! 
I will defeat you!
Our lord Iblis is destined to be the most powerful sovereign of this land, 
this is just how he'll bring the dhiib to the top, prove that we are stronger than all of you jinn. 
You might have magic, but Iblis has sworn that it will only be used for our benefit so no one will ever rise over us. 
None of you will ever escape this fortress.

Scene1
8
Thank you for freeing me!
You're the only one who has willingly stepped in the dhiib's prison, I've never seen someone make it this far. 
However, even our powers can't defeat them...
Once they catch you it's only a matter of time before you're too weak to even use them. 
It's best if you turn back while you're free, those of us who are here can’t use our powers anymore.
But, if you're so stubborn that you still want to keep going, we can lend you the power we have left.
Maybe you can defeat Iblis, but you'll need all the help you can get. 
Here, have my WATER powers to help you free all of us jinn. I wish you luck

Scene2
9
You freed me!!! Are you seriously hoping to defeat Iblis? 
… He didn’t always hate us, the dhiib used to admire our powers 
and we counted on each other for skill and strength respectively, 
but Iblis grew jealous, and you know what power does to all creatures… 
Maybe without Iblis our land will finally know peace again. 
From how far you've gotten, I can see that you have the courage necessary to fight this battle, not a lot of us still do. 
I don’t know whether you’ll succeed, but for the sake of all the jinn,
I’ll offer you whatever protection I can with my FIRE powers, 
may all of our powers protect you.


Scene3
8
How have you gotten here? 
It’s been quite a long time since I saw any other jinn, have you been captured? 
… So you’ve found a way to break in, and you’ve gotten this far. 
Perhaps you have a chance, but don’t let him fool you. He’s powerful, but he’s not invincible. 
I’d know, I used to call him a friend, but that was before I got my powers and he grew fearful and jealous of them...
That’s when he started seeking to make our power his own, by imprisoning jinn so we’ll do his bidding only. 
He took my village and me and decided that he wanted more, maybe if we’d had someone as strong as you before, we wouldn’t have fallen. 
Now, you’re very close to defeating him, take my ELECTRIC power and put an end to his reign!


Scene4
6
You’ve been causing quite the wreckage in my own fortress.
Do you seriously think you alone can succeed in stripping me of my power? 
You jinn think that your powers give you the right to disrupt the order of nature, thinking that you can look down on all of us. 
But I was destined to be above you, I’ll show you that all of you are no more than bugs under my feet. 
You think just because you’ve defeated my weakling minions, you have a chance at defeating me? 
If you insist on seeking your death, I won’t stop you from tasting your own defeat once and for all!

Scene5
6
How could this happen? 
Your powers are weak and you are alone!
I've stolen everything from you! 
How can you still have power?
In the end, all my efforts have been for nothing,
but the dhiib won't always live in your shadow!!!

Scene6
6
After finally defeating the boss of the dhiib that were ruling over the land, 
every jinn was freed and harmony was restored.
With Iblis defeated, most of the dhiib either scattered across far-away lands or went back to living peacefully with the jinn.
No longer blinded by senseless hate, and content this time with helping the jinn mend the wounds of Iblis' conquest.
While not all that was broken could be restored so easily, 
the jinn and the dhiib who remained still strive to repair their villages and maintain the peace that Nasnas brought.
